In the last section we created our album detail component and the purpose of this thing is to show a
nice looking summary of a single album something like I don't know la.
That right there.
Exactly.
So the album name the artist name some artwork cover image thing and then the buy now button at the
bottom.
So this is the intent.
This is what we're going towards.
So before we get started on this I want to kind of come up with a game plan on exactly how we're going
to design and build this component right here.
There's two different and distinct methodologies that we can take for building this first.
We might make a single kind of make a component something that's going to in one component render this
entire card right here.
So we might end up with some GSX that looks like this right here on the right hand side will have this
kind of a top level view for the overall car.
You know like the border that really goes along the outside.
And then we'll have three blocks inside of that one for each section.
Inside the cart.
And the purpose of this view and right here that's going to contain the image and to text things.
The purpose of this view right here will have some nice styling to make sure there's kind of like you
know margin between the tax and some nice like border here at the bottom between the image and the header.
And this view same thing will have like a nice border and blah blah blah and I sporter on there.
So I have one single make component that has all these different things to it.
And most importantly has all the styling associated with the overall card inside of the single single
component.
So that's that is approach number one.
And that is one direction we can go now.
An alternative layout that we can take something that's just a little bit different and I know this
looks nearly identical but there is a very subtle difference one different approach we can take is to
make two reusable components that will we will to use inside of the album detail.
So the two reusable components will make our the card component and the card item component or a card
section that might be a reasonable name as well.
The purpose of the card and card section components will be to just have some amount of just a component
that has some amount of built in styling.
So we will have styling that has the nice border that goes along outside.
It will have some nice margin to fit the content inside of it.
And basically you get the idea it's going to have some nice styling that we are not going to locate
inside of the album detail component that you've already created.
Now why might we do this.
Why might we take this approach.
Well pretty much for what I just said we'll have separate files the card and the card item that we'll
just know how to show some amount of content inside of it.
But most importantly it will be a reusable component that will have really nice styling associate with
it.
So if we were writing genius or excuse me if we were writing vanilla each team Ellen CSSA here this
might be just like a very fancy div or something like that.
Then we can swap out different detail in the future like you know a different image different button
and still have a nice Like card thing that looks really good.
So I think that is the direction that we want to go.
I want to make a part a component and a card item or we might collect cards section that will both be
reusable and all we're going to do.
They're not going to be any fancy logic inside in anything like that.
The only purpose of the card and the card item is to have some nice styling associated with putting
this card together here.
So if this sounds a little bit strange like Stephen why are we making these extra components.
What is the point this.
Trust me once we start putting the styling together once you see the amount of styling it takes to get
something that looks good you're going to say okay.
Yup.
Good idea.
Like making this reusable is a fantastic idea.
So we don't have to rewrite all these styling rules again in the future.
That is the whole idea here.
I want to just save out on the amount of styling we have to write.
So let's get started on these and this section.
You know let's let's start building this card component and this card item and I really don't like the
name card item I think we might rename it to parts section.
We'll see.
We'll see what happens.
Anyways let's get started by making the card component.
So again a new component means a new file inside of my components directory or make a new file called
simply Carr-Gomm.
Yes.
And then inside of here we'll put together our usual boiler plate I will import re-act from react.
I don't want to import either.
I just want to view so import view from re-act native and let's do Konst card
and right now will just return a new tack and I'm going to leave it open.
So we will get a yes lent air here about a million to self-closing but that's OK we're going to fill
something in here in just a while at the bottom.
We'll do our expert default card.
Cool.
OK.
So again just to be clear.
The sole purpose of this component right here is just to make something with some nice styling that
looks like a card.
So that's all we're going to be focusing on.
Let's continue with this in the next section